docs: react related breaking changes (#2289)
babel/babel.github.io: docs/plugin-transform-react-jsx.md

### React Automatic Runtime

> Automatic runtime is a feature available in v7.9.0 and becomes default in v8.0.0. With this runtime enabled, the functions that JSX compiles to will be imported automatically.

Reviewer: A super minor thing: becomes _the_ default

Author: ```suggestion
Automatic runtime is a feature available in v7.9.0 and becomes the default in v8.0.0. With this runtime enabled, the functions that JSX compiles to will be imported automatically.
```

> Automatic runtime is a feature available in v7.9.0 and becomes the default in v8.0.0. With this runtime enabled, the functions that JSX compiles to will be imported automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The automatic runtime is the default in v8.0.0. When enabled, the functions that Babel compiles JSX to are automatically imported.
```
